🚨 Suppress swift warnings for SPM dependencies (#3852)
tuist/tuist: CHANGELOG.md

## Next

### Changed

> - Suppressed swift warnings in SPM packages added via Dependencies.swift [#3852](https://github.com/tuist/tuist/pull/3852) by [@wattson12](https://github.com/wattson12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `SWIFT_SUPPRESS_WARNINGS` setting to SwiftPackageManager generated project to suppress warnings from dependencies defined in Dependencies.swift [#3852](https://github.com/tuist/tuist/pull/3852) by [@wattson12](https://github.com/wattson12)
```
